hello and welcome to save points cosmic
lessons I've learned about life and
myself by playing video games I'd like
to welcome video game enthusiasts the
planetside community and fans of
sleeping in my name is gold vision and
truthfully although it bothers a lot of
people I really don't mind gluten or any
traditional wheat products today I'd
like to share an experience that has
allowed me to commit to memory a
stratagem I have never liked to hear or
have been told or have had to engage in
in fact a pre-emptive ly regret making
this video as I feel I will have to
follow the suggestion dare become a
hypocrite of the satirical poignant
advice had begun to distribute this
church statement is none other than man
up if you could kindly permit me to
drive this conversation billions of
miles away from the closed-minded one
gendered potentially and most likely
chauvinistic nature of the statement I
would like to focus on the context in
which it is used I believe one is
required to man up when they find
themselves in a situation they committed
to but do not wish to engage in one that
has no clear positive direction yet
forward movement must be made
one must man up and engaged carpe diem
Tempus Fugit
tomato tomato potato potato in this
particular experience I found myself
very confidently scanning the map for a
conflict deemed worthy of my incredibly
valuable and to reiterate non
chauvinistic time apparently thinking
very highly of myself I select Zeno
techlabs with a minute 15 left before
it's captured by the new conglomerate a
four to one ratio of enemies to allies
and at least 48 enemies to defeat not
that I read this not a problem for this
guy i smirk and point at myself to
myself immediately upon arrival i
confidently fly through the force field
on the prowl for a small army i'm
heroically convinced I can defeat on my
own shot in the back immediately with a
decidedly under stealthy approach and
the navigation skills of a factory reset
Roomba I run around to the most
confusing pattern a human being is
capable of after stumbling around Jose
Cuervo style I see no more than two
enemies and
back into the safety of the forcefield
the game's engine having a different
idea of how it should survive that is to
die terribly at the hands of a tank
whose gun hadn't even loaded yet trying
to forget all that latin stuff and
preparing to choose a new respond
location absolutely anywhere else I
began searching for a low population
zone Tahitian vacation or perhaps a
quiet mountain counted chat which I
could spend the rest of my heroic days
avoiding all possible conflict when
takua blade finishes healing what was
left of my abandoned avatar my vacation
planning cut short I am prompted to
accept or decline buttons that might
have very well said man up or your
character it's one of extreme lacking
and disappoint in fact I would be
embarrassed I am embarrassed to even be
this button that you would even consider
this an option that you are so bereft of
will and tenacity that you would abandon
the fight you so brazenly sought and so
on I of course click accept' takua blade
having not yet upgraded his medical
applicator to fully fill my health bar
upon resuscitation and of course with
classic come back to life no shield this
time a much more responsible version of
myself decides to stay back and take
hold of my surroundings like a normal
person thrown into a situation they
would otherwise gladly leave there's my
buddy evening tide he's one of the guys
who shot me only moments before I was
blown up by a tank
Cthulhu the max one of the best spawn
based stay inside guys I would ever meet
and of course there's crazy old mecha
dragon who's hilarious hijinks never
seemed to end who dies completely
unprompted immediately ending all future
hijinks and moved to cover takua blade
the monster who brought me back into the
sufferfest and i get at least a max and
his buddy to step back a second takua
blade stands up at the wrong time
turning me into some sort of bad guy
although I prefer to think it was some
kind of unfortunate karmic incentive for
him to spend five hundred surges to max
out his applicator regardless is still
feeling bad I take a step back to reload
and find myself taking off into the sky
completely unintentionally and due to a
lift jet this time however is time to
man up and I move in this time stealth
thing this time fighting the fight had
once Mowgli selected approximately one
lifetime ago I light up a medic who
flees leading my sights on to Liberty
moose at which point I go from right to
left
popping heavy assault a FK schoolboy a
swoon and then my original target lexer
out of bullets I head back to base this
time not being at
by my own guys with whom we all lose the
base together as were forced out
acknowledging this battle is over and
the chances of survival are zero I
encounter and defeat a surprised sleepy
panda whose deep introspective stare
sings a swan song of peaceful lyric my
general interpretation being oh how does
one truly know the soft dream of man's
dark path is it by what he has made what
he wants now it is not until he behold
to one a man who knows not what he is
but only who he needs be a gurgle as
anticipated I am defeated this time by
rocket-launcher as any instrument of
lesser potency would be likely
ineffective against the man I had become
I did not indeed defeat an army but I
did man up although we lost the base
which was on its way out anyway I did
not walk away from what I set out to do
I'm better off for it
ego deflated back to regular size I
think I might start actually reading the
relative populations on this graph
before once it's like throwing myself in
the conflict and I'm also 5 search
richer I used the artemis scout rifle
with night vision scope and n is 40 for
commissioner my name is gold vision and
I hope you enjoyed this save point